README.md, before:

---
icon: hand-wave
cover: https://gitbookio.github.io/onboarding-template-images/header.png
coverY: 0
layout:
  cover:
    visible: true
    size: full
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: false
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Welcome

Welcome to the GitBook Starter Template! Here you'll get an overview of all the amazing features GitBook offers to help you build beautiful, interactive documentation.

You'll see some of the best parts of GitBook in action — and find help on how you can turn this template into your own.

### Jump right in

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Getting Started</strong></td><td>Create your first site</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="getting-started/quickstart.md">quickstart.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Basics</strong></td><td>Learn the basics of GitBook</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="broken-reference">Broken link</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Publish your docs</strong></td><td>Share your docs online</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="getting-started/publish-your-docs.md">publish-your-docs.md</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

Commit message:

GITBOOK-1: Initial setup for Community Docs

README.md, after:

---
icon: hand-wave
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: false
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# ☺️ Welcome!

Welcome to the Wiki of the Hyperliquid Community

***

### 🚧 **This site is currently under construction!** 🚧

We are actively working on building the documentation to provide you with step-by-step tutorials, guides, and resources to help you make the most out of Hyperliquid.

***

This site is designed to facilitate knowledge sharing among builders, traders and investors using the **Hyperliquid** platform, a cutting-edge decentralized exchange (DEX).

The articles are organized into categories, visible in the sidebar on the left. However, the easiest way to find answers to your questions is by using the **search tool** in the top-right corner of the page.

If you can’t find what you’re looking for, feel free to connect with the **Hyperliquid Community** on forums or social media for support and discussions. For official issues or technical concerns, please reach out to **Hyperliquid’s support team** directly through their platform.

***

**Ecosystem overview diagram :**

***

{% hint style="info" %}
If you would like to contribute to this community Wiki, just drop us a line on Telegram or go to [GitHub](https://github.com/Hyperliquid-Community/wiki-community).
{% endhint %}

_Together, we can make this a valuable resource for everyone. 🚀_
